how are welcome gamers back
to the channel I am and drug subsidy today
thanks to our friends the city that
in store we will be doing in
review and unboxing of the full size set
siberia test in Syrians
well this is the presentation in which
comes the excel if I would see full size
headset pro gaming in the instructions
They come in four languages ​​English Spanish
I do not think it's German and the other one
I really do not have the slightest idea and I
optimize
we give you an instruction in Spanish
crystal clear sound for high tones
means and low
50m driver the hunger and on its forgiveness
reproduction of all the details
acoustic that I'm reading it is in
the part of here abajito
close stack headset sound reduction
passive enhanced with closed audios like
can give
bulet microphone that's a microphone
invisible invisible microphone system
as they see it as well as retractable we go
to see it now
and long comfort southern design suspended and
lightweight the idea is that it has a design
nice for you to last longer in the
part of the side have nice
photos of him as the catcher
has this type of helmet closed as
come and for the microphone teleseries
professional gaming air in the part of
above says is that this microphone or
these audios forgiveness are seen in the
association with the following teams of
of gamers of people who play
they are world champions like for example
ska gaming
efe a titín
r and the guinness is in the back
it comes the same with certain instructions
they have the biggest pictures of how
Grow specifications
has a frequency of 10 to 28 thousand
hertz
an impedance of 32 hm
it has 112 decibels the microphone has
a frequency of 56 thousand first
in the length of the cable is
3 meters
and here are the parts of him
of the microphone / hearing aid
since it also has certain
instructions in other languages ​​such as by
example in Japanese in Korean in Chinese
etcetera and let's see what it says in the
part of here in Spanish says based on
the pre in the first headphones in
serious siberia was the people in the version
b 2 is because having the second version
of the headsets includes improvements in the
comfort sound quality and a new
microphone every element of the b2 has been
optimized for the world of games
getting it to be the preferred piece
for the best pc players in the
world and good in the part of here
only part of me is seen
of the bosses so now we're going to
proceed to open it
Y
to get him out of the army
let's say about what contains things with the
letter of the second
here are the hearing aids
can see are sealed
this is your cable
let's see this a sticker
sensible
a small always manual are not
warnings are warnings my
principles and in several languages ​​and this one
would become the product guide that
he has his series has a lot
a lot of cadiz products in the
3 series product series includes
audio are the headsets mouse
and words surface is game and consoles with
that what it says
good afternoon see
the hearing aids just like that
that feel it but eye are the quality not
it's this one looks plastic but actually
it is not it is a type of metal injury
I miss you I do not know how to describe it
at the top is very comfortable for
the part of the head
the part of the hearing aids is like a
Chief of good quality good good good
nice in the part here have the
retractable microphone
if we can do it if you're
this is the microphone and it's pretty
comfortable in order
I think it 's a good investment. Remember
these these headsets have been designed
according to specifications that have
dice
world-class people asked
category champions players
worldwide so it's definitely a
well good product well designed
in the top part that is not seen says
steelseries in the recipe but we are not going to
get it out I'm going to say why
ok the problem is a good product of 67
has a lot of time in the market and
forever
has given products of very good quality
well and the reason why it has been very
very very careful when opening this product
Accelerate unboxing and close it again
and how it was is because thanks to the
friends of city games store we will be
giving away these audios here on the channel
if they give dae sung and go way this is going
for someone for a lucky winner
then everything you need to do
to be able to participate in this team way
are three things first of all you have nothing
to go to the city games store page
what to download in the description of the video and
register you have to fill in a have
an account in city in store
second be subscribed here to the channel
enter your games ok and third leave a
comment in this video is all that
you have to do those are the three things
what you need to be able to participate
this day way and we have an opportunity
to take these beautiful headsets
siberia version 2 well
know what happened your friends if this
video gets a lot of clicks and
many comments we will be
doing much more and go güiza here in the
channel so please spread the word to
the whole truth but we can not
have more chance to take these
nice headsets you know if I liked the
your favorite live video they ask for everything
that good vibes are called and livestream
follow me on facebook on twitter and nothing
people a big hug for all of you
gamers a lot of luck to all and up
the next